# Go API client for openapi

Welcome to the Stability.ai REST API developer preview!

Please note, this is an alpha version of our new REST API, and is subject to change according to
your feedback.

Feedback during this test is crucial for us to understand what the pain points are and how we can
improve it going forward.

Changes will be communicated here, as well as on our online REST API documentation, which can be
found at: https://api.stability.ai/docs

Your DreamStudio API key will be required for authentication. You can learn more about API keys
here: https://platform.stability.ai/docs/getting-started/authentication

If you encounter any issues, please let us know in the #API discord channel:
https://discord.gg/stablediffusion


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://stability.ai/](https://stability.ai/)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import openapi "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.stability.ai*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*V1alphaEnginesApi* | [**V1alphaEnginesListEngines**](docs/V1alphaEnginesApi.md#v1alphaengineslistengines) | **Get** /v1alpha/engines/list | list
*V1alphaGenerationApi* | [**V1alphaGenerationImageToImage**](docs/V1alphaGenerationApi.md#v1alphagenerationimagetoimage) | **Post** /v1alpha/generation/{engine_id}/image-to-image | image-to-image
*V1alphaGenerationApi* | [**V1alphaGenerationMasking**](docs/V1alphaGenerationApi.md#v1alphagenerationmasking) | **Post** /v1alpha/generation/{engine_id}/image-to-image/masking | image-to-image/masking
*V1alphaGenerationApi* | [**V1alphaGenerationTextToImage**](docs/V1alphaGenerationApi.md#v1alphagenerationtexttoimage) | **Post** /v1alpha/generation/{engine_id}/text-to-image | text-to-image
*V1alphaUserApi* | [**V1alphaUserAccount**](docs/V1alphaUserApi.md#v1alphauseraccount) | **Get** /v1alpha/user/account | account
*V1alphaUserApi* | [**V1alphaUserBalance**](docs/V1alphaUserApi.md#v1alphauserbalance) | **Get** /v1alpha/user/balance | balance


## Documentation For Models

 - [AccountResponseBody](docs/AccountResponseBody.md)
 - [BalanceResponseBody](docs/BalanceResponseBody.md)
 - [Engine](docs/Engine.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ListEnginesResponseBody](docs/ListEnginesResponseBody.md)
 - [OrganizationMembership](docs/OrganizationMembership.md)
 - [TextPrompt](docs/TextPrompt.md)
 - [TextToImageRequestBody](docs/TextToImageRequestBody.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### api_key_header_Authorization

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: Authorization and passed in as the auth context for each request.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

info@stability.ai

